test(client): custom output with yarn (#22800)
prisma/prisma: packages/client/tests/e2e/custom-output-yarn/readme.md

# Readme

> This tests ensures that custom output clients are working as expected with Yarn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tests ensures that custom output clients are working as expected with Yarn 1.
```
I'm not sure how this goes with other versions

Reviewer 2: Same with Berry

> A package is deemed not to be valid by yarn if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `package.json` is invalid for `yarn` if:
```
